$t$-channel processes
$x$-$y$ plane
anti-\kt algorithm
b-tagged jet
beam-gas events
bin-by-bin correction
centre-of-mass energy
charged-hadron multiplicity
charged-pion mass
data-taking period
double-muon trigger
double-parton scattering	 	 
event-by-event fluctuations
final-state radiation
four-momentum
fourth-generation quarks
gas-ionization detector
global-muon trigger
hard-scattered partons
high-\pt jets
initial-state radiation
least-squares fit
matrix-element generator
minimum-bias event
minimum-ionizing particle
multiple-parton interactions
new-physics model
next-to-leading order
next-to-leading-order calculation
particle-flow algorithm
parton-level data
proton-proton collisions
pseudo-experiments
quark-gluon scattering
root-mean-square	 
short-range correlations
signal-to-background ratio
two-dimensional histogram	 
underlying-event data
signal-to-noise ratio
order-of-magnitude estimate
tag-and-probe procedure
one-to-one correspondence
turn-on
